---
layout: kanji
v4: 1294
v6: 1390
kanji: 阪
keyword: Heights
elements: heights, pinnacle, parthenon, acropolis, anti-, demonstration, cliff, crotch
strokes: 7
image: E998AA
on-yomi: ハン
kun-yomi: さか
permalink: /rtk/阪/
prev: 過
next: 阿
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/dingomick">dingomick</a>] 27-8-2007(260): If you&#039;re scared of <strong>Heights</strong>, you don&#039;t want to stay at <em>The Pinnacle</em>; you are <em>anti-</em> <em>The Pinnacle</em>. Primitive: <em>The Pinnacle</em> is a dream-like gated community at the top of a mount. This allows for innumerable stories for all the kanji with this primitive since you have a whole city to work with. Also prevents confusion with &quot;mountain&quot;.

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/wasurenaide">wasurenaide</a>] 6-12-2007(47): People are being displaced in 大阪 to make room for a new development, Osaka<strong> Heights</strong>, the <em>pinnacle</em> of modern Japanese housing. An angry mob of protestors are outside with <em>Anti-</em>Osaka<strong> Heights</strong> signs.

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/cefreddffo">cefreddffo</a>] 25-9-2009(23): This kanji is only used in names and in &quot;Osaka&quot;. By chance, last week my japanese friend told me that it used to be 大坂 (as in &quot;slope&quot;), but Hideyoshi, the Taiko, didnt want to have anything to do with &quot;land&quot; (his ascendance were farmers...) so he replaced the &quot;earth&quot; for what we call &quot;pinnacle&quot;.　Its true. RTK2:　ハン 阪神 はんしん(Osaka and Kobe)… MIXED GROUP: 反 722 坂 723 板 724 販 726 版 1213 飯 1473　(ﾍﾝ): 返 725　(ｶ): 仮 966.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/decamer0n">decamer0n</a>] 17-5-2007(19): Just by changing the soil in <a href="../v4/723.html">slope</a> (#723 坂) to a <em>pinnacle</em> you get to the<strong> Heights</strong>. If only reaching the top of Everest were this easy...

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Johnnyltn">Johnnyltn</a>] 23-9-2006(10): Hint: Try naming the primitive <em>pinnacle</em> &quot;<em>The Pinnacle</em>&quot;. Giving it a place name sort of sets the image firmly in mind. &quot;<em>The Pinnacle</em>&quot; can then become a large facility set on a <em>pinnacle</em> overlooking a city or valley or whatever of your choice. In this facility are many functions such as restaruants, sports areas, rooms, halls etc. which can eventually be used in forming kanji in the future.

