---
layout: kanji
v4: 1990
v6: 2145
kanji: 虎
keyword: tiger
elements: tiger, magic wand, augury, cliff, hook, diced, seven, human legs
strokes: 8
image: E8998E
on-yomi: コ
kun-yomi: とら
permalink: /rtk/虎/
prev: 騰
next: 虜
---

1) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/raulir">raulir</a>] 9-4-2007(122): Magic wand + first two strokes of pelt ( 皮 ) + diced + human legs. A wizard who turns people he doesn&#039;t like into newts with his magic wand goes for variety - he has always wanted a<strong> tiger</strong> pelt - but things go awry when the<strong> tiger</strong> promptly dices and eats him, leaving only a pair of legs. (a fitting end for a wicked wizard).

2) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/CharleyGarrett">CharleyGarrett</a>] 23-4-2007(107): <strong>Tigger, the<strong> tiger</strong></strong>, (from Pooh stories) is happy to have found a <em>magic wand</em>. Using it he can bounce up to a the top of a <em>cliff</em>, <em>seven</em> times as high as some <em>human legs</em> could bounce. <strong>Tigger</strong> thinks &quot;Its great to be a <strong>tiger</strong>!

3) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/Filip">Filip</a>] 10-3-2008(50): The 7 very smart magicians were standing on top of a cliff. The 7 very smart magicians wanted to create a<strong> tiger</strong>. The smart<strong> tiger</strong> ate 6 and a half magicians, leaving a pair of human legs as a snack for later. The smart<strong> tiger</strong> hang the pair of human legs on a tiny hook, so that no other predator could reach it. Moral of the story:<strong> tiger</strong> wins.

4) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/uberclimber">uberclimber</a>] 18-12-2010(16): This kanji is symbolic of the<strong> tiger</strong> Hobbes: he&#039;s sort of magical, a toy come to life, hence the <em>magic wand</em>; he and Calvin are always riding their go-cart off the kicker (hence the little hook) at the edge of the <em>cliff</em>; Hobbes and Calvin are both about <em>seven</em> years old; and Hobbes often walks and stands as though he has <em>human legs</em>. 虎 (とら) :<strong> tiger</strong>.

5) [<a href="http://kanji.koohii.com/profile/mezbup">mezbup</a>] 10-7-2009(10): The magic wand on top of the cliff spawned 7<strong> tiger</strong>s that ate human legs.

